Standardize timestamps to mitigate the plugin crash. (#30)
logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-fluent: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.4.2

>   - Fix: timestamp values are converted to iso-8601 to resolve the crash [#30](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-fluent/pull/30)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix: Convert LogStash::Timestamp values to iso-8601 to resolve crash issue with `msgpack` serialization [#30](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-fluent/pull/30)
```
